Announcer:
You're watching second chance.
What we're about to do
should be left to god.
Catch all-new episodes
wednesdays and check out
our other fox programs--
Rosewood, bones and lucifer.
-What's your name?
-Lucifer.
Like the devil?
Only on fox.
Previously
on "second chance"...
Woman: Disgraced sheriff
jimmy pritchard
Took his own life today.
[ zapping ]
You're the first
to journey all the way back,
To get another chance.
Jimmy: I know you. You're one
of those rich computer twins.
Otto recoded
your white blood cells
To fight the cancer
in my blood.
You brought me back
to save you.
Otto:
The donor grows much stronger
Than any of my models
anticipated.
Why does he think
he's my father?
Because he is.
I'm here about
finalizing the merger.
I need to know
you'll take care of otto.
After me, you're the only person
he trusts.
I'll take care of otto.
What's wrong with him?
The glitch did not exist in
the subject's original code.
His genetic code is evolving.
His own body's rewriting it.
Mary.
The numbers from your
most recent blood labs,
They're improving.
His blood
is making you better.
For some reason that defies me,
she connects with you.
[ heart beating ]
Dr. Lesueur: She will be
a beautiful monster.
I'll be back
in a few hours.
Bury the other girl outside
while I'm gone.
Make sure
the hole is deep.
Sleep.
Let the drugs hold you down.
[ rock music plays ]
♪ high ho,
triple sow cow ♪
♪ I've got a feeling
like a tired old flow ♪
♪ but I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ gasoline
♪ saccharin
♪ I got no reason
for the state I'm in ♪
♪ but I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ hotel
♪ taco bell
♪ I got the hit
that you know damn well ♪
♪ but I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ cut, tease
♪ better believe
♪ I got a feeling
that I'm underneath ♪
♪ but I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ but it's all right,
it's okay ♪
♪ I got the time,
but the time don't pay ♪
♪ it's all right,
it's okay ♪
♪ I got the time,
but the time don't pay ♪
♪ it's all right,
it's okay ♪
♪ I got the time,
but the time don't pay ♪
♪ it's all right,
it's okay ♪
How many are we going to have to
bury before he gets one right?
♪
Jilly: [ whimpering ]
[ whimpering ]
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
[ whimpering ]
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
[ screams ]
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
Damn, lady!
Monsters!
They're monsters!
♪ so let me be
What a day, otto.
The kind of day
that makes you feel young.
Well, I am young,
but still.
You know the kind of day
that just makes you want
to grab it with both hands?
No.
You don't look out there
and think there's just a world
Of trouble
I can't wait to get into?
No.
Well, you wouldn't.
Where's mary?
I got the supercharger hooked up
to the riviera.
Maybe she wants to
celebrate her remission
By taking a ride
up the coast.
Throw back a few clams
and pitchers of beer.
Mary doesn't throw back clams
or pitchers.
And, anyway, she's in a hotel
having sex with connor graf.
[ coughs ]
she's where, doing what?
She's in a hotel,
having sex...
With connor graf.
Who the hell's
connor graf?
Arthur: Connor graf, age 34,
c.E.O. Incentric biosystems.
Estimated net worth --
$1.2 billion.
Interests include
artisanal small-batch bourbon,
Rock climbing,
french new wave cinema.
That bothers you?
No, I just didn't know
she was seeing someone.
Connor's the man
she has sex with.
I don't believe
she's seeing him.
I -- I guess
I'll just take a ride
up the coast on my own, then.
Before you do, you might
be interested to know
That there should not be
another glitch in your code.
Good to know.
I replicated the code
in these.
[ beeping ]
Uh...
Any further changes should
show up in these subjects first.
Actually, I'd like
to draw some blood from you
And run
a quick series of tests
To ensure that you and the rats
are all lined up.
[ chuckles, sighing ]
[ chuckles ]
I needed that.
Needed that or needed me?
[ laughs ]
you know what I mean.
We need to talk
about the merger.
I don't want you to worry
about that, all right?
Your company and otto are
in safe hands, I promise you.
You have enough
to deal with,
So I don't want you
to worry about that.
Okay?
When we first started
discussing the merger,
I'd just been given
six months to live.
Mm.
I needed to make sure
lookinglass was in good hands.
Yeah.
That otto's place there
would be secure.
But...
...I have more than six months
to live now.
Remission?
Not fully
but improvement.
My numbers are better.
[ laughs ] that's great.
Well, we need to celebrate.
We -- we need to go somewhere.
We need to --
connor...
The merger.
I don't want to plan
for my end anymore.
I need to
call off the merger.
I know
it was a lot of work.
[ sighs ]
Look, don't --
don't even mention it.
It's all lawyer stuff. One
phone call, it all goes away.
Mm!
That's perfect.
So davos or rio?
Neither. Work.
I feel good.
And I want to work.
[ door closes ]
[ sighs ]
[ inhaling, exhaling heavily ]
Bitch.
[ police radio chatter ]
Duval: Yeah,
what do you have?
She said she woke up
on a table.
There were three people
in the room,
But she only got a good look
at one of them.
Can she I.D. Him?
Well, you should maybe
go ask her that yourself, sir.
[ cellphone beeps ]
[ cellphone rings ]
[ siren wails in distance ]
[ cellphone beeps ]
I'm in the middle
of something.
All right, what you working on?
You need any help?
No.
I have to go now, all right?
Are you, uh --
you, grace, and helen
Still coming to peng's
later?
Look, gracie's away
on a class trip.
Mm, right.
Yeah, she is.
Uh, you and helen, then --
pritchard family dinner.
Sounds good, right?
I'll do my best.
Is that police radio?
Are you on a crime scene,
duval?
Duval?
[ cellphone beeps ]
That was definitely
a police radio.
What are you doing, duval?
Agent duval is currently
Investigating
a kidnapping case.
Well, now we're talking.
Artie, do any of the deputies
on the scene have those, uh,
Body cams?
[  siren wails]
[ chuckles ]
Artie, if you weren't some
creepy little kiddy cartoon,
I'd kiss you.
[  police radio chatter]
Oh, they've got cadaver dogs.
I love cadaver dogs.
Means they're looking
for a dead body.
Turn it up.
[ volume increases,
helicopter blades whirring ]
Helicopters.
Ma'am?
What the hell's going on
out there?
I'm agent pritchard, fb.
You said you got a good look
at one of the men.
Not men..
Monster.
Monsters?
Sir?
You should come
and see this.
Duval: Excuse me, ma'am.
Stay with her.
Arthur, what's that address?
[ indistinct talking ]
[ engine shuts off ]
[ helicopter blades whirring,
car door closes ]
[ police radio chatter ]
How did you find out about this?
Lookinglass.
What, the radios?
Body cam?
Yeah. Look,
I heard what happened.
Why don't you let me work
this one with you, huh?
This means something to you.
Why?
I heard
what the witness said.
Never seen a real monster
before.
And you're not
going to now.
Look, if what she thinks she saw
is real,
These people need to be stopped,
and it's what I do.
So just let me stop them.
There is nothing to do.
What, why?
You already caught them?
Them?
There are no them.
There's nothing out there.
There never was
anything out there.
It's empty. Clean.
No dna.
Luminol shows no blood.
No body.
And certainly no surgical table
or instruments.
What we have
are the drug-induced delusions
Of a party girl
Who works part-time
for a high-end escort service.
Test her blood?
Mm-hmm.
Positive for mdma.
She was high,
and she saw monsters.
[ sighs ]
okay, well...
I'll let you get back to
whatever it is you were doing.
All right.
Uh, dinner at peng's, though,
right?
Yeah, dinner at peng's.
[ siren wails ]
[ police radio chatter ]
[ scoffs ]
Great.
You another agent come to say
you don't believe me?
I'm not with the fbi. I just
work with them sometimes.
Uh, I heard your statement.
That I'm some whore,
High on molly,
seeing things?
You know, that house was empty.
It's...
You know what?
Screw you and screw this.
There were monsters, they were
real, and they were after me.
And now no one's
gonna stop them.
Ma'am,
I can drive you home now.
Hey, I -- I think
I can help you.
I'm not asking anyone
for any more help.
If what you saw is real,
you might want to rethink that.
[ police radio chatter ]
You live here?
Yep.
[ scoffs ] okay, so exactly
what kind of fbi consultant
Has this home?
Otto: It's not his home.
You can't have people here.
Oh, yeah? Why?
I assume you know why,
And you're baiting me
with that question.
What does he mean,
not your home?
He's joking.
I'm incapable of joking.
Who is she,
and why is she here?
That's my business.
Nothing to do with you or mary.
It's my business, otto,
And if you don't mind,
I'd like to get back to it.
My sister lets you go out
because she thinks you need it.
That was twinspeak.
Why do you live
with otto goodwin?
I work for them
sometimes.
Them?
Does mary live here, too?
Jilly, let's just talk
about last night, huh?
[ sighs ]
What's the last thing
you remember?
[ sighs ]
I went for a run,
and I ended up in that house.
This monster you saw,
describe it to me.
Why?
I've seen enough things
in my life to...
Believe you.
Artie?
May I help you?
Artie, she's gonna
describe something to you,
And I want you
to make a sketch.
Okay, mr. Pritchard.
Whenever you're ready, jilly.
Um, he...
It...
It had an oval-shaped face.
[ beeping ]
And a shaved head.
Horns, little ones.
No, under the skin.
Dr. Lesueur:
Is this everything?
Yes.
From the house?
We watched the feds
from up in the hills.
There's nothing of us
left to find.
They think the girl
was just tripping.
Good.
We'll get someone else
for you to work on.
Can't be someone else.
I chose her.
It has to be her.
He had dark eyes, piercings,
I remember.
[ beeping ]
On his nose
and above his eyebrows.
[ beeps ]
I...
I don't think
I want to do this.
You -- you're doing great.
Come on, you got this.
[ sighs ]
Keep going.
His ears were pointed.
[ beeping continues ]
[ door opens, closes ]
Hi.
I just came back to change
in between meetings.
Everything okay?
Yes.
I'm working, and pritchard's
upstairs with a prostitute.
Initiating
facial-recognition software.
[ exhales sharply ]
[ breathing shakily ]
Oh!
It's real.
It really happened.
[ sighs ]
You must be the --
Jilly.
This is jilly.
You were gonna say "hooker."
Just a word.
Go ahead, say it.
Jilly's in trouble.
I'm helping here out.
Is there a problem here?
I'll just give you
some space.
Can I ask
if she's in trouble
Why the police
aren't handling it?
They don't believe her.
For some reason,
you do believe her?
She's in trouble.
I brought her home.
I mean, this is my home,
isn't it?
If I want to
be with someone,
I can bring them back
to where I live.
I don't have to sneak off
to a hotel.
Wait, are we talking about me
now?
Those the same clothes
you wore last night?
What has gotten into you?
Your brother's code.
Oh.
Sometimes I forget
you're --
What?
What am I?
You're one of a kind.
You must get lonely.
You must get scared.
[ beep ]
facial recognition match.
Caleb the widowmaker.
That's him.
He's real! That's him!
Arthur,
what am I looking at?
I matched this sketch
to a photo
From an underground
body modification website.
A what?
Body modification
is the deliberate altering
Of the human
physical appearance
For aesthetics,
sexual enhancement,
Or rites of passage.
Nice.
And this mr. Widowmaker,
any idea where I could find him?
He works at a bar
called the inkwell.
Jilly,
you sure this is the guy?
I'm gonna go
take care of something.
Jilly's gonna stay here
till I'm done.
[ sighs ]
Look,
I didn't mean to mess up
Whatever situation
you have going here.
I really do respect you.
A strong woman
in a man's world.
Would you like some tea?
Yes.
But tea with wine
and no tea.
Good idea.
And maybe
a change of clothes.
♪
First time alone
with an escort?
I think so.
Yes.
Well, he seemed to
know his way around.
With escorts?
Yes, I believe he's had
some experience from before.
Before what?
Before he came
to live here.
Just so you know, uh,
he and I didn't do anything.
That is none
of my business.
We're not
in a relationship.
So he's with your brother.
Otto?
No.
Why would you say that?
Just the way you both
were real unhappy
That he brought me
back here.
I figured he must be
with one or both of you.
What do you think of him?
I think he's a badass.
But...
But what?
Something else.
He's kind of an old soul,
you know?
[ rock music playing ]
[ indistinct talking ]
♪ ...Tell some more lies
[ indistinct singing ]
♪ it's spreading
like a disease ♪
Caleb the widowmaker?
Do I know you?
This is you.
I'm just wondering
is "the" your middle name,
Or is "the widowmaker"
your last name?
Where do you think
you're going?
Just want to
ask you a question.
[ patrons yelling ]
I know what you did to jilly
in that house, caleb.
[ grunting ]
[ screams ]
[ punches landing ]
[ glass shatters ]
♪
Helen: Well,
he said he'd be here.
He says a lot of things.
Maybe we should just go ahead
and order.
Look, he grew up
not knowing us.
Imagine what it was like
for him
Knowing we were his family
and not being able to see us.
I mean, he's --
he's a bastard, duval.
Yes, helen,
he is a bastard.
If he wants a pritchard family
dinner,
I think he should have one.
Well, if he wants
a pritchard family dinner,
Then he should
show up for it.
Jimmy: Duval, helen.
[ sighs ]
Well, three siblings.
Here we are.
Should we order drinks?
The man jilly saw,
he's real.
Who's jilly?
The escort he drove off with
from my crime scene last night.
Well, you're not a very good
boss to let that happen.
He's not my boss.
We work together.
He's not a monster, either.
He's a man,
and he works at the inkwell.
You went after him,
didn't you?
I'm guessing he's either in the
trunk of your car or long gone.
There was a little bit of a
fight, and I did lose him.
But I have this.
Oh!
Now it's a pritchard family
dinner. That's --
He has some kind of elf ear
on him.
The don't use their real names
in there,
But with this,
we could find him.
You want me to get a dna sample
of the blood from an elf ear?
No,
he tried to grab it back.
I want you to run this
bloody fingerprint right here.
Swelling's gone down
nicely.
Now, don't be surprised
If someone mistakes you
for your daughter.
Oh!
[ knock on door ]
Dr. Lesueur,
a patient keeps calling.
I told him
you were in a consult,
But he says
it's an emergency.
I'll be right back.
I told you
never to come here.
Some fed came to the bar
asking questions.
What did you tell him?
Nothing. I swear it.
I got away.
Looks like it hurts.
Meet me at the garage, I'll make
everything better, all right?
Gloria: Okay, that fingerprint
is a match to a caleb hammond.
First offense.
18 years old,
killed his neighbor's dogs...
With a garden trowel.
Caleb at 21.
In for possession.
Caleb at 24.
Now in for assault.
Can you connect him to the house
they found jilly in?
Bank owns that house.
It's been empty
for the past six years.
Caleb's last known address
is here...With his wife.
You pay him a visit.
You can flash him your badge,
ask him some questions.
I'll just stay out of it.
I will.
Thank you.
[ text messages swoosh ]
Are you leaving?
Yeah. I got to
get back to my life.
Which isn't here,
you know?
James wanted you to stay.
Are you sure?
I have a cab waiting.
I thought he brought me
back here to save me.
And don't get me wrong --
He was the only one
who believed me.
Why did he
bring you back here?
To show you
he was saving me.
Although, him being a man, it's
50-50 if he even knows that.
See ya.
[ door opens ]
[ door closes ]
We have nothing on the guy
who lives here.
[ doorbell rings ]
well, he is
a dog-killing monster.
Hmm.
Took you long enough.
[ baby cooing ]
Come on,
the sink's this way.
You're not the plumbers.
No, ma'am. Fbi.
It's about caleb?
I threw him out last year
When he started calling himself
the widowmaker.
So whatever he's done,
you're gonna have to
Go ask whoever it is
he's making miserable now.
This the, uh, sink
that's giving you trouble?
Yeah.
Ew.
Lucky for you, I made sure duval
knows his way around a j-trap.
Remember the house on elm
When you stuck a toy soldier
down one of these things,
Some kind of crazy
rescue mission?
Your mom had guests over
and it was gonna be...
[ chuckles ]
Don't just stand there.
Ask the nice lady where a wrench
is or find a bucket.
You have a wrench
or a bucket?
It's about time.
It's throbbing like crazy.
All right. Well, sit down,
and we'll get started.
I thought
you liked pain.
Only when I ask for it.
Can you tell me why
you asked your husband to leave?
He got too weird.
How did caleb get weird?
He'd go on about beauty,
How some beautiful people
are monsters,
They just don't know it.
But he was gonna show them.
Caleb had some bad times.
He had it rough as a kid.
But he was putting it
all behind him.
All behind him until...?
Until he started hanging out
with this cutter.
Cutter?
What's a cutter?
The illegal doctors who do
the more extreme modifications.
Like horns?
Yeah, horns, branding,
Scarification, penis-splitting,
you know...
W-wait, what was --
what was the last one?
These cutters, they use
surgical tools, right?
Yeah, they do.
You have the name
of this cutter?
No names.
That work they do
is so illegal.
Caleb was always
so freaking voldemort about it.
Okay, good. Well, what can you
tell us about voldemort?
He's kidding.
Oh.
[ disposal whirring ]
You're paralyzed,
but I know you can hear me.
I want to thank you
for all you've done, but...
It's all about jilly now.
You've been in love,
you understand.
When she looks at you
and knows you for who you are.
You see, I can't risk
getting caught.
And that fed knew you,
and you know me,
So I'm gonna push this blade in
deeper, and you will die.
Now, I know you only like pain
that you ask for,
So don't worry, my dear
and sweet widowmaker.
It won't hurt.
Caleb hammond,
a.K.A. Caleb the widowmaker,
Came under the influence of a
cutter who uses surgical tools.
Surgical tools is what jilly
says she saw at the house.
This is real, duval.
Yeah. Okay.
First thing we do
is get jilly somewhere safe.
I didn't exactly
like that talk
About caleb
showing beautiful people
How they're really monsters.
She is somewhere safe.
I left her at goodwin house.
[ sighs ]
[ car door alarm chiming ]
[ car door shuts ]
Thanks
for coming to get me.
Of course.
My pleasure.
[ engine starts ]
You just let her
walk out the door?
She's a grown woman.
What was I supposed to do?
Did she tell you
where she was going?
Did she give me the name
of the man who is going
to pay her for sex?
No.
[ elevator bell dings ]
So tonight,
the usual three hours?
Yes.
Why don't you go run a bath,
And, uh,
I'll get us some drinks?
That sounds really nice.
I can't find her phone.
You sure you gave me
the correct number?
Yes, I'm sure.
Duval: Even if it's off,
you should be able
To push through and find it,
right?
Even if the battery's out,
we should be able to find it.
Well, what the hell
does it mean?
[ electricity zaps ]
[ microwave beeping ]
[ cork pops ]
Who was the last person
she contacted?
Jilly got a text
before she left.
Did you pull it
off the cloud?
Yes,
from a disposable phone.
He must be a regular client,
someone she trusts.
If he's the cutter,
then we got to find him.
I've got a more low-tech idea.
Let's go.
[ door opens, closes ]
[ speaking twinspeak ]
I have something to ask.
What is it?
Will you marry me?
It's beautiful.
Just like I always
knew it would be.
[ sighs ]
What happened?
W-why'd you stop?
No, I'm just --
I'm having a little trouble
Getting into it tonight.
Do you mind just giving me
a minute and we can start again?
Sure, yeah.
Okay.
A-are you okay?
You, uh...
You seem distant.
I had this thing
happen to me.
What?
Were you hurt?
No.
But it made me feel like
I couldn't take care of myself.
And I've spent my life
taking care of me.
No one's gonna take that
from me.
Good for you.
That's important.
Hmm.
What's in this?
I know that taste.
Pharmaceutical mdma.
That's what I put
in your water bottle
Before you went for your run
the other night.
What?
After I left, they said
that you cut yourself free
And you --
you ran for it.
You can
take care of yourself.
[ sighs ] that only
makes me love you more.
We are gonna be so happy
together.
You were there,
behind the light.
You were the man
[ gasping ]
Ohh.
Oh!
[ rock music playing ]
♪ you know I need more
♪ baby, I need more
♪ gonna get down on your floor
My friend mr. Widowmaker
around?
No, not since
you beat the crap out of him.
What do you want?
Oh, uh...
I'll take a cutter.
Cutter?
Don't know what that is.
Duval: Sure you do.
The cutters are the ones
who do the extreme work.
Like penis-splitting.
Okay.
Why don't you act your age?
Hmm?
Yeah.
We just want to have a talk
with him.
Bartender: Listen,
I can't help you.
We don't mention their names
for a reason.
They make all this possible.
We turn them in,
we go against our community.
Even if one of them
is a killer.
We don't say their names.
Ever.
[ door opens ]
there he is.
Hey, you know,
why don't you just let me
Show you a little old seattle,
huh?
Maybe
you'll learn something.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Y-you're fbi.
You can't do this!
No,
turns out he's not fbi.
Then what is he?
Oh, you'd need a science
background to understand it.
I just want to
show you something.
This is the hospital.
I'm having a little trouble
figuring out,
You know, who I am,
where I fit in.
But I feel like in this alley,
I fit right in, don't you?
I can't give you a name.
Please.
You see, this guy...
This is the morgue.
You got a pen?
That's how you used to do it?
I'm a monster.
I know.
The things
that I've done.
Now, I know you saw
one of my mistakes.
Right? There were others
before you, I admit it --
Weaker women.
See...
I was looking for someone
strong, like you.
Because no one
deserves to be alone,
Even a monster like me.
And you said
you'd be mine.
You took my ring
over and over
And said
that you'd share my life.
So if I'm a monster
and you love me...
You must be a monster,
too.
I promise you, jilly, I will
make you a beautiful monster.
But monsters...
Don't have soft,
pure skin.
See, some monsters
have leathery skin.
Some have scales.
Some monsters --
Well, some monsters
are covered in feathers.
Black feathers.
We'll tattoo the feathers, then
I think we'll implant the claws.
Then we'll take that face of
yours off and give you another.
All right.
[ needle buzzing ]
[ elevator bell dings ]
Pritchards?
What -- no!
Wait, no, you can't go in there!
Mary,
I tried to stop them.
They barged.
It's okay, alexa.
You can go.
This is about jilly?
These are the drivers license
photos of the six cutters
That we got from the bartender
at the inkwell.
We need to know if any of them
has spent any time with jilly.
So use your facial-recognition
software
That I'm not
supposed to know about
To see if you can put
any of them with her.
No.
What?
I'm not a monkey
that jumps
Every time
you say "solve a puzzle."
Get on your machine right now.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
Otto!
I'll do it myself.
Arthur?
Yes, mary?
No.
Arthur is mine.
No, mary.
Implement my override.
[ beeps ]
override implemented.
Should I use
lookinglass facial recognition
To associate any of the photos
on your desk
To the woman who was
in our house yesterday?
Yes, arthur.
Go ahead and do that.
[ beeping ]
That was taken last year.
He's wanted her for a long time.
Now I'm making
this official.
Duval:
You need to go home.
What? Go home?
Your gut was right.
Now let the people with badges
finish this.
We'll get him.
You go on home now.
[ car door shuts,
engine starts ]
He's wanted in florida
under a different name.
Eight dead prostitutes,
all surgically altered.
The coroner said they all died
during the process.
We're gonna hit his apartment,
his office,
And any other
known residence.
Clea!
Check the bedroo,
over her.
Clea.
Place is empty, si.
They waited six hours
for him to show up
Hoping he'd lead them
to jilly.
But she's not in there.
And now he knows
the fbi is on to him.
Yeah.
What about her?
Jilly?
Tell you
what I used to tell my men.
Sometimes
you do everything right
And the bad guys still win.
I used to hate
giving that speech,
Some deputy trying his best
not to cry.
You're saying the world is,
you know, full of bad men --
I mean, real bad men out there
just laughing at you.
The best thing about my last
few years in this chair
Is I didn't have to give
that speech anymore.
[ sighs ]
You don't have to
be the sheriff.
Oh, then I wouldn't know
what I was.
It's all I have left of me.
[ knock on door ]
I solved it
because I couldn't help myself.
So you might as well know.
Solved what, otto?
She said they used a light.
The previous location
the doctor was using,
The house in the woods,
was owned by the bank.
The banker handling it...
Is a client
of dr. Lesueur's.
I compiled a list of the other
bank-owned properties
Handled by the same banker.
They total 136, all empty.
But jilly said
they used a light.
So I had arthur check to see
If any of those
abandoned properties
Are now pulling power
off the grid.
And we found one.
[ needle buzzing ]
[ humming ]
The hard part comes next.
There's always so much blood.
[ whimpering ]
♪
Jilly: [ whimpering ]
Uxor: [ gasps ]
[ muffled talking ]
Shh.
♪
Oh, no.
Where is she?
She was the one!
She loved me!
Where is she?!
I'm right here.
[ grunts ]
Aah!
You think killing him
will make this all go away?
It's a start.
I get that, I do.
But if you kill him...
It will change you.
There's no coming back
from that.
It's up to you.
It's your choice.
[ breathing heavily ]
[ grunts ]
Those tattoos,
what he did to you...
...You can get them removed.
These feathers are me now,
not him.
It's what
I've been through...
How strong I can be.
You need to go
with him now.
Okay?
[ car door closes ]
What am I gonna find
in there?
Just a couple of guys
who thought they were bad.
But you showed them,
didn't you?
[ engine starts ]
[ rock music playing ]
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
♪ I know what I am,
they know what they are ♪
♪ so let me be
[ sighs ]
Now that the merger's off,
I'm not going to
be able to get otto.
I can't do the science
without him.
I-I can't make this work
without otto.
You're gonna have to
work harder.
I tell you everything
they tell me.
I need you to get me
otto's lab work and notes.
If I can't have otto,
I need his work, all right?
All of it.
Well, that's inside their house,
then.
I'm the only person
mary trusts there.
You're a good person.
And you hate
to violate her trust.
But this is how
we get what you want.
Don't forget
what you want.
I'm home.
Did you have a good day?
Yes. [ sighs ]
What is it, my dear?
Do you think you can
do the wrong things
For the right reason?
I used to have a scar
on this ankle.
This body doesn't have it.
The scar you got in the tank is
the only one that doesn't heal.
Each time
you go back in the tank,
You're restored
without imperfections.
I got that imperfection
climbing over a fence
Separating me
from a secret swimming hole.
I proposed to my wife
that day.
The other day, duval told me
to go home.
I came here.
This is your home...
...If you want it to be.
♪
You've just watched
second chance.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from fox.
What happened here?
-(siren wailing)
-gordon: Bad guys in this town
are changing.
I don't know how bad
it's going to get.
Man:
They think guns
can stop me?
This is not a game.
Troubled times.
You ready to do this?
What grown man invites people
to call him "rosie"?
A secure man.
There is a serial killer
on the loose.
We're gonna catch him.
You come at me again,
the law won't be able
to keep me off you.
-Thanks for
keeping me in the loop.
-I'm looping you in right now.
Okay, I forgot
to put you in the loop.
Announcer:
Rosewood.
Returns Wednesday, March 2
on fox.